# Hello!

Only three files have been written by a human in this repository.
`README.md`, `copilot-instructions.md` (then rewritten to v2 version by AI) , and
`improve-app-design.md`. All other files have been generated by AI.
The code was reviewed and tested by me.

I heard that you are also working with GitHub Copilot in your team, so I think you will find it
interesting. I will be happy to share my experience and discuss it with you.

## Why Copilot in recruitment task?

Like it or not, AI is the future. Companies will start to expect it from developers sooner or later.

## How was it done?

1. Start a new project with AS
2. Create `copilot-instructions.md` and review it with Sonnet 4
3. Create `### Task` section in `copilot-instructions.md` which includes:
    - setup dependencies, project architecture, DI, networking, models
    - setup UI with Jetpack Compose, view models
    - and more, but by mistake I didn't save it :)
4. After this, the task section was cleared, and `copilot-instructions.md` was a
   general-instructions file for copilot
5. Create `improve-app-design.md` with design improvement ideas, improved with AI suggestions
6. Run the agent again
7. Small fixes and improvements, general overview of the app

### Problems

- sometimes copilot was proposing too much, especially in the UI part
- sometimes it didn't follow instructions
- sometimes it was not capable of fixing some problem without making another one

But overall, AI generated the whole app with list and details screen.

### Update from saturday night..

I felt unsatisfied overnight.. then I had another idea.

1. I've ask AI to check android.developers.com for best practices and prepare a message for AI to
   generate `copilot-instructions.md` file again
2. Created `copilot-instructions-v2.md` file and validate it with different models
3. Put `copilot-instructions-v2.md` into the project
4. Run the agent again, focused on architecture, code quality, best practices
5. He proposed everything as you can see in `attempt-with-new-copilot-instructions-prepared-by-ai`
   branch

It is powerful attempt in terms of creating a specified module scoped `copilot-instructions.md`
files inside our current projects. It will boost our work dramatically...

The new `copilot-instructions-v2.md` is more general and there are a lot parts that can be
modified (and for this project, mostly unused). I left it as it was created, because I wanted to use
only AI work, not mine.

In this step I've added repository pattern, separated domain / data models and generate mapper class.

### Update from sunday night..

Tests? No problem.. at first. Getting setup and working test class was not possible. After a long
time, I've separated setup libraries into one process, and writing tests into another process.
Then it was possible to generate tests. All of them was failing, but it was an one line mistake.
I think, cover whole project with unit tests / paparazzi / e2e tests would be also possible in a
short time. 
